---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-05 00:00:11
title: "Curse and doubt"
categories: Future
tags: [Future]
author:
  - Jeongwon Jo

---
## My philosophy

I'm rubberneck at Bitcoin since 2018. At the time, many people suffered tremendous damage through the downtrend. But, thanks to that, many people left. As I learned about Bitcoin in 2018, the big downturn of the year was a new opportunity.

Why? This is because when i got to know bitcoin, the price was so low that i thought it was a low. But at the time, I was a high school student, so i couldn't open an account and invest. So I made an account by persuading my parents and asking them to open an account.

So, I invested all the 300,000 KRW in my pocket money. However, contrary to expectations, as of January 2018, it continued to decline cascades. I needed money on the way, so I sold it at the marcket price and secured cash before it fell further. However, even though it was an error, I saw that the 3800 KRW was not sold and remained as the number of bitcoins 0.xxxxx and left it.

After watching a big decline for a year, it was one day 2019, From January of this year, I saw a sudden rise in bitcoin. But I doubted again. The reason is that we know that the Buddhist market continued until the end of 2017, followed by a large bearish marcket from the beginning of the following year.

Nevertheless, I kept loocking at the charts every month. Then one day it was 2021. After a long time, I looged in to the Bithumb exchange and found that the bitcoin yield was 9000%. Maybe it was an opportunity th change my wealth. But it wasn't fate.

Like this, I only watched the coins from 2018 to 2021. As a result, many people are  still criticizing and suspicious. Howerver, all coins have increased as of 2018. I thought that this may still be a low poing even when I watched the coin rising like this in February.

However, I have never studied investment. Because I believe in human indicators rather than value invetment. In other words, I am speculating. But this is alo a simple reason. Because investments is made by humnas. Bots are also locaked by humans targeting specific coins.

That doesn't mean that I haven't studied blockchain. I have been studying about blockchain, and I think it will grow infinitely in the future. Why? Because many people are still suspicious and swearing

If you think about it, there are famous scientists and entrepreneurs such as Einstein and Elon Musk. When Einstein published his general relativity thesis, few believed. Just everyone doubted and didn't believe. However, over the past 100 years, general relativity has changed the roots of mankind's view of the universe. In addition, Elon Musk colonized Mars to create an environment where people can live, and transport people to Mars through rockets. But Elon Musk also had few believers, swearing that he was a scammer, and so too now. However, Elon Musk ran to see only one goal he wanted to achieve, and now he is at the peak of a businessman. Not long ago, the private company, Space X, achieved a tremendous achievement, again setting a new record for recycling rockets. We know that in a few decades, hundreds of years, humanity will develop further, and as humanity progresses, science and technology will also develop. After all, colonizing Mars to create an environment in which people can live is not impossible in the future. This is an investment. It is not looking at the present, but looking at the future.

There are many other things to talk about. Cell phones, computers, cars, subways, etc. Did people in the past think of this? Everyone doubts when the first smartphone came out, but now it has become one of the indispensable items for people around the world.

Like this, there can be no doubt and criticism in history for anything. If you want to change the present, someone has to invest in the future with criticism and suspicion.

---
## Coin thoughts

Currently, the coin is speculative. Because coins don't make money. Coins are a structure in which money is made only when there is someone who makes them more expensive than the price I bought. Investing value in coins? There is no such thing. It is the difference between who follows the flow better or who can't. If you're going to invest in value, just invest in places like Apple, Samsung and Tesla. Will the forces that are investing now see the business and invest? It's just a strategy between centipedes and suck on them. If the factions are investing in value, they just need to hit a coin and burn the zone, but the factions just pull it out and eat it. In the end, it is the ants that flock to the top.

There are many kinds of ants. It is impossible to release all of this in words. Those who just carry their brains as decorations, those who use their brains to think but doubt their thoughts, and those who miss the timing. However, these ants are supposed to be rescued by waiting. because? This is because the forces have to suck up again. However, people can't wait for their turn and just jump off without parachute. So, go to the Han River and hit the head and search. In the end, investment/speculation is also your fault, so why commit suicide? A man in his twenties committed suicide this year after a bitcoin decline. It seems to be around April 20th. In fact, Bits have been falling since April 14th. So I told my friend to wait for cash because it was open until the first adjustment was 63 million won and the second adjustment was 50 million. It really did. But now I've almost recovered. Can't think of anything? Eventually, if you wait, you will find the main battle, and if you have a good coin choice, you are in a situation where you even earn profit. But he committed suicide.

However, some people blame the government for his death. Of course, it is true that the government has no answer right now. Hope to find it quickly. However, all investments/speculations are your fault. Just have to wait and jump and bring it down, I guess you just wondered about death.

---
> Originally, many people curse and doubt.

---
